This project was to teach how to create template classes and regular classes. Each program built off the last. We would combine multiple aspects from our first assignment, such as taking command line arguments, and implementing class files along side it.

Program 2_1: Program 1 accepts a single command line argument, if any more command line arguments are given the program displays an error and closes. The single command line argument is also checked to be an integer. If it is not an integer the program displays an error and closes. If the command line argument is an integer it is stored into variable "x" so that it can be compared to the variable count, so that the program loops the appropriate amount of times. The program performs almost exactly like program 1-5 but only prompts the number of inputs equal to the command line argument.

Tokenizer: The Tokenizer class has a single public function that begins the process of retrieving tokens. The program prompts input with a "<" and creates tokens from the input. The inputs are stored in a char array and also string vector. The character array is checked for any potential errors and if none are present the a pointer to the vector is returned.

Program 2_2: Program 2 reimplements program 1 but uses the Tokenizer class rather than the raw implementation of program 1-5. The program takes a single command line argument, the argument is checked to be an integer and runs till x amount of correct inputs (x being the command line argument input). The program 

Stack: The Stack class is a template class that is can utilize many different data formats. The Stack utilizes a vector, which allows for easy implementation of all the functions. The class has 4 public constructors which are the constructor, push, pop, and print. The push function puts the pushed object at the end of the vector using push back. The pop function removes the last item in the vector using pop back. The print function prints the contents of the vector from first to last in between "[ ]."

Program 2_3: Program 3 takes a single command line argument just like programs 1 and 2. The command line argument is to be an integer and if it is not displays an error. The program takes in x amount of inputs (x being the command line argument) and the inputs do not do anything unless they are in the format "push data" or "pop." The Tokenizer class prompts the inputs and checks for 1 or two tokens. From there the tokens are pulled from the vector pointers returned and are checked for the phrases "push" or "pop." If push is inputted then program pushes the second token onto the Stack created from our Stack Template class. If the input is "pop" the Stack pops the last object off the stack or displays an error if there is an empty stack. After the x amount of prompts are done the program uses Stack.Print() to display the contents of the stack.
